talk about beauty today do the comparative
is to commit at least 680 of microsoft
535 then we have begun to do the
design of the units 630 knots
we have a weight of 134 grams and a
9-point thickness 2 mm
thickness number 585 we have a weight
of 146 grams and a thickness of 8.8
minutes and people will respond to the mech
requires 35 is thinner and 130 is a bit
more well built and there is less
close so now let's talk about the screen
of the lumsa ink apparatus we are
a 4.5-inch band with resolution
of 854 480
this results in 220 people per inch
585 We are a 5 inch screen
with resolution of 960 by 640 up to
220 pixels per inch in the
practice until the new S60 is better because it
has the technology td black
which means that blacks are
as you can see in the
video logo 535 looks like a mirror
the opinion which is deeper than
and ps ensures greater angle of
kingson
walked without protection now thanks
resistant to scratches and impacts
so let's talk about the camera of the
appliance
both have cameras is 5 megapixels but
like 680 he has no fashion nor
both front is what kills the device
the front screen of Fluminense that is 85
is the same as the rear camera so it's the
same thing back and front camera
This is very good for 5 megapixels
is a detail worth noting is
that volume 35 and called in four years
80 p
while the number 630 it records in HD
so let's talk about the hardware of the
1,681 new device we the
Which processor do I always say 400
can core of 1.2 ghz gpu adreno 205 e
want 12 in December to tie and new
mexico at 85 we have the bearer by
example you will have with 200 can code 1.2 and
hatch received adriano 3 2 and 1 gb of
ram memory and a chin means that
he runs more games he has
compatibility with more games but the
number 680 he is faster because he
has an upper processor
let's see
the volume is R 85 and can hide
virtual buttons the games at least 680
wheel and wheel in a good
is a detail is that the devices with where
memory as is the case with the man of
35 years will receive more news very
at 10
so let's see the speed to open
the apps stayed a little was 60 was
a little ahead
now we will have the messenger
and it was a technical tie
Let's close rangers facebook wants
tell if it was but nothing so good to be
video application
how long it takes to open 60 was in
so now, let's talk about the
system of the two devices
let's run windows phone 8.1 on
president of medellin is the same thing
or is called the two devices as the
system windows phone 8.1 is the system
lightweight and even wheels on
lower settings as is the case
of the volume at 630 which is only 512 mb
of ram
so let's talk about the battery of the
number 689 years the subject matter of
1889 the pj that is capable of the old boy is
of seven hours in heavy use or around
one day in the moderate and 75 in the battle of
1950 he plays that is from the
old about five hours in use
intense or where it is a new
60's battery is better because the
smaller screen
so now advanced storage of 2
Let's have another goal of 8 gb s with
memory card situation of 128
and you can move applications to the
memory card which is a good and
connections the appliance
both in wifi 3g gps is a detail is that
on the sensors volume r 151 brightness
automatic and opportunity it will erase
until immediately when making a
call 60 and it will be long and we do not have
the automatic brightness
then each one speak of the audio of the device
4060 better believe a sound more
consistent
now
then this is obvious 2535 it is more or
any less
actually the audio of month 60 and is higher
is more consistent than a detail that
worth it is that I do not know if
it comes with digital TV 151 doping
touch was on the TV in the year 680 we can
record and will then open the conclusion
about this comparative is that the volume is
that people like this are a wall
complete because it has a front
flash and 1gb ram memory that yes and that
will run all the games in the store but the
number 680 is a much better screen because
would be to have a job is the black well
big fan of ec 60 is superior but
105 well in general
for the same reason I said
previously
so basically I think she liked the
Sun video is favorite that will join
if tomorrow the social networks in the teacher
book and even in your next video